README.md, before:

# MindZero (UNDER DEVELOPMENT)

I LIKE CHESS AND PROGRAMMING , SO I DESCIDED TO WRITE A CHESS ENGINE
(it's a learner project) 

## AIMS BEFORE 2025
1. write a bot of atleast 1000 ELO
1. reach an ELO of 1000 

# CURRENT STATE
- loads a 3D scene in a Coffee Shop (head to devlog.txt for more details on what's wrong with OP)
- <img width="1710" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-12 at 8 00 38 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a4fadfce-d8d0-4581-8281-496427ed3a32">
- OP's elo : 393
- https://www.chess.com/member/killmebaby69

## Getting Started
To get started, simply clone or download the repository and open the project in Unity3D. The game is licensed under the MIT License.
unity version : 2022.3.22f1

## Contributing
Contributions to MindZero Chess are welcome! Feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request (btw if you are masochistic enough to develelop a chess engine , kudos to you !!)

## License

MindZero Chess is licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information (haha!!)

Commit message:

basic OOPS setup to forward develop on
very basic improvements, pieces on click tell tell what they are

README.md, after:

# MindZero (UNDER DEVELOPMENT)

I LIKE CHESS AND PROGRAMMING , SO I DESCIDED TO WRITE A CHESS ENGINE
(it's a learner project) 

## AIMS BEFORE 2025
1. write a bot of atleast 1000 ELO
1. reach an ELO of 1000 

# CURRENT STATE
- Pieces can be clicked , working on dragging Pieces and remnaining 3D models of coffee shop (head to devlog.txt for more details on what's wrong with OP)
- <img width="1710" alt="Screenshot 2024-07-12 at 8 00 38 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a4fadfce-d8d0-4581-8281-496427ed3a32">
- OP's elo : 136(RAPID)
- https://www.chess.com/member/killmebaby69

## Getting Started
To get started, simply clone or download the repository and open the project in Unity3D. The game is licensed under the MIT License.
unity version : 2022.3.22f1

## Contributing
Contributions to MindZero Chess are welcome! Feel free to fork the repository and submit a pull request (btw if you are masochistic enough to develelop a chess engine , kudos to you !!)

## License

MindZero Chess is licensed under the MIT License. See LICENSE for more information (haha!!)
